That hurts!
Are you okay?
Xiaobao.
Are you alright?
You little Jinx!
Are you blind?
If you make your brother cry again,
I'll break your legs!
I think you did it on purpose.
If something's bothering you, say it.
Hurry up and cook dinner.
I've been busy selling vegetables,
I haven't had time to cook.
Then go do it now!
What are you standing around for?
You always favor my brother.
We feed you,
we clothe you,
we raised you all these years,
and you're still not satisfied?
Are you trying to start a rebellion?
So much fun, so much fun!
Regarding your husband's accident claim,
the documents you submitted
I'll enter them into the system today.
It'll take three to five business days.
Alright.
Got it.
Anyway, once the payout comes through,
notify me right away.
The sooner, the better.
Okay.
I'll contact you once there's an update.
Good.
Xu Lingling.
There are new developments in the case.
We need you to cooperate with us.
A guest's life was put in danger,
and the resort had no emergency response.
It's fair to demand compensation, right?
Honestly,
I don't really want this money.
It makes me look so petty.
But my husband...
If he hadn't
insisted on supporting his old flame,
he wouldn't have had a heart attack.
What about the insurance?
My husband and I
always had a habit of buying insurance.
I have a policy too.
Since something happened to him,
and police issued a death certificate,
my claim for the payout
is perfectly reasonable, right?
If you really have evidence,
then charge me.
Your room was indeed cleaned thoroughly.
But in your room,
we found this.
Every morning,
the housekeeping staff
clean the rooms on schedule.
The trash they collect
is temporarily stored in this room.
Around four in the afternoon,
a dedicated garbage truck
hauls everything away.
Xu Lingling's room
was just vacated.
See if you can find any clues.
These are all bath towels.
Lao Zhao.
Nitroglycerin pills.
Wang Kechen,
as a patient with severe coronary disease,
any vigorous activity off his meds
would trigger an attack and kill him.
He was like a ticking time bomb.
Wang Kechen's prints are on this bottle.
We tested the pills inside.
They're not heart medication.
They're vitamins.
Are you saying
his medication was switched?
He carried his meds with him every day.
Anyone could've swapped them.
I wouldn't know about that.
A Qiang, who set up the honey trap,
went into your room
and planted a hidden camera,
and captured this footage.
First, you secretly threw away
Wang Kechen's emergency nitroglycerin.
After Wang Kechen's death,
you threw his daily medication
that prevented sudden death
into the trash,
because you'd swapped them with vitamins.
Your goal in switching the pills
was to cause Wang Kechen
to die from a heart attack.
You used Yu Tianfang
to establish your alibi,
making Wang Kechen's death
look more like an accident.
Yes.
I did it.
He wanted to leave it all to his daughter.
I hated him.
Mr. Wang,
I need to confirm with you again
regarding the changes to the will,
especially the inheritance section.
Okay.
I have never properly
taken care of my own daughter.
I've now decided
to leave all of my assets
to her.
As a way to make it up to her.
And I also hope
that she can forgive me.
The new will has been revised.
You just need to sign it.
But what about your wife,
Xu Lingling?
Who did you say?
Your wife, Xu Lingling.
In my life,
she's nothing more than a passerby.
Although I'm fond of her,
sooner or later, we'll part ways.
Leaving some things
to her would be completely meaningless.
This is where I switched the medicine.
Your motive for murder,
was it really inheritance?
I did it, that's all that matters.
Does it matter what I was thinking?
What about your first two husbands?
I can't remember.
Can I go back now?
Take her away.
Why bother?
For a man like that?
Don't judge by appearances.
It's not that simple.
Slow down.
Sir, ma'am.
Do you know Xu Lingling?
You two are personally taking me to jail?
I'm honored.
Xu Lingling.
Confess everything as soon as possible.
Aim for leniency.
I plead guilty.
Just close the case.
Isn't that enough?
I've had enough of living.
Take her away.
Lingling.
I'm Lingling's mother.
I need to say a few words to her.
You two,
I've told you before.
You can't meet the suspect privately.
If you need anything, bring a lawyer.
Officer.
My daughter is an honest woman.
She would never commit murder.
You must be mistaken.
Please, let her go.
If you must arrest someone, arrest me.
I'm begging you.
Get up.
Get up, get up, get up.
Lingling.
Dad's begging you for one thing.
Your brother has uremia.
He needs a kidney transplant.
None of us are a match.
Right now,
you're his only hope.
Why didn't you mention this before?
This matter,
we had to ask our daughter in person.
Outsiders,
we can't trust.
So,
you came to me
because you want my kidney.
How can you say that?
We're family.
He's your only brother.
If you don't save him,
he won't survive.
Let me tell you,
I'd rather be a murderer
sentenced to death
than give you my kidney.
Get out!
Lingling.
Please.
Mom's begging you.
Lingling.
I'll say it one more time.
We have our protocols.
You can't meet the suspect privately.
Have your lawyer come.
Take her away.
As long as it saves my son,
I'd rather die.
I'd rather die!
Get out!
Captain Chu.
Whatever you want to know,
I'll tell you everything.
I'm not afraid of hardship.
I just hate how unfair it is.
No matter how hard I worked,
or how hard I studied,
they didn't care.
All they cared about was my brother.
They only loved him.
To take care of him,
I was forced to drop out of school.
Right in the darkest moment
of my life,
I met Qian Peng.
Are you okay?
The groceries are ruined.
And the bike's broken too.
My dad's gonna kill me for sure.
I'll buy you new groceries.
And I'll fix your bike.
Come on.
I'll take you to the hospital.
Here, careful.
He was the first man
who ever cared about me.
And the first person I knew
who owned a private car.
Back then, I thought
a guy like him
must be a rich man.
My name's Qian Peng.
Meeting like this is fate.
Let's be friends.
I thought Qian Peng
was the only one who could
save me from that hellhole.
So I eloped with him to another city.
Not long after,
we got officially married.
I was grateful
that I'd finally changed my fate.
But I never imagined
I had jumped from one abyss
straight into another.
What kind of man was Qian Peng?
If my father
was a tyrant,
then Qian Peng was a devil.
After my dad beat me,
I could still get up and work.
After Qian Peng beat me,
I ended up straight in the hospital.
In less than three years of marriage,
he broke my bones seven times,
caused two miscarriages,
and left me unable to have children.
Then why didn't you leave him?
I wanted to run.
But where could I go?
I had no money,
no education,
no work experience.
And I sure couldn't go home.
Tell us, then.
How exactly did Qian Peng die?
I remember
it was pouring rain that day.
He insisted on going out.
The streets were flooded.
A power line had fallen into the water.
He was electrocuted.
An accident like that,
how could I possibly fake it?
And then?
Before he died,
he bought an accident insurance policy.
I received a large payout.
At the time, I thought
insurance was such a wonderful thing.
Then why did you
get married a second time?
For love, of course.
A woman
without love
is no different from a dried fish.
My second husband, Wang Ping,
was very gentle.
He never once hit me.
He loved gambling at cards.
He lost all our savings,
and behind my back,
secretly borrowed money to buy insurance.
That day I had to go out for work,
so I asked Wang Ping to make porridge.
I even reminded him to turn off the stove.
I don't know if he did it on purpose
or just forgot,
but he fell asleep with the stove on.
And then,
he died of gas poisoning.
I became a widow again.
Xiao Xu,
calm down.
Let's talk this through.
When the accident happened,
you just happened to be out?
That's a bit too convenient, isn't it?
He cooked the porridge himself.
If you don't believe me,
you can check the surveillance footage.
Why would heaven treat me this way?
It's been so painful.
I wanted to die with him.
Your second husband
also died in an accident.
How do you explain that?
I want to know why too!
Can you tell me?
Okay, okay, okay.
I believe you.